the oceans cover nearly 3/4 of our
parents and support a vast and varied
array of life from tiny plankton to
mighty whale the albatrosses are the
world's largest seabirds living
throughout the subtle oceans the
greatest of all the wandering albatross
soars on wings that span almost three
and a half meters and can live for 60
years the albatross is long narrow wings
allow them to glide on air currents
traveling for thousands of miles across
the surface of the oceans
they feed on fish and squid from some of
the world's most inhospitable seas
their life is lived on the wing they'll
only visit the land to raise their young
but far out at sea fishing methods are
having a devastating impact on us and
these incredible longest sand fliers are
being pushed alarmingly towards
extinction